Implement two major improvements to the Navigator chat system:

PART 1 — DOCUMENT SUMMARY ON UPLOAD:

When a document finishes uploading and text extraction is complete, automatically run a one-time Gemini analysis to generate a permanent document summary. This replaces sending raw pages to Gemini for every query.

1. TRIGGER: After PDF text extraction completes and pageTexts are available, send a single API call to generate the summary. Show "Analyzing document..." in the chat banner while this runs.

2. SUMMARY PROMPT — send this to Gemini with a sample of pages (first 3 pages + every 8th page up to 20 pages total):
"Analyze this construction document and return ONLY a valid JSON object with no markdown, no code fences, just raw JSON:
{
  'project_name': string,
  'address': string,
  'architect': string,
  'building_type': string,
  'total_pages': number,
  'disciplines': array of strings,
  'sheet_list': array of {sheet_number, title, page},
  'key_facts': array of strings (max 10 important notes about this project)
}"

3. STORAGE: Save the summary to localStorage keyed as "navigator-summary-[filename]". If a summary already exists for this filename, skip the analysis call entirely — never regenerate unless the user explicitly requests it.

4. USAGE: Every Gemini query must now start with the summary as base context:
"Document summary: [summary as readable text]. Now answer this question using the summary and the following specific page excerpts: [relevant pages]"

For broad questions (tell me about, describe, overview, how many, list all): use summary only, no additional pages
For specific lookups: use summary + top 3 keyword match pages
This means most broad questions cost almost zero tokens.

5. DISPLAY: After analysis completes, show a collapsible "Document Intelligence" card at the top of the chat panel showing:
- Project name and address
- Building type
- Architect
- Discipline list
- A "View full summary" expandable section
Style it dark with electric blue accents. Include a small refresh icon that lets the user regenerate the summary if needed.

PART 2 — SESSION MEMORY:

Add a session memory system that prevents repeat API calls within the same session.

1. MEMORY STORE: Create an in-memory array (not localStorage) called sessionMemory storing:
{ question, answer, timestamp, pageRefs }
Cap at 50 entries per session.

2. BEFORE EVERY QUERY: Check sessionMemory for a similar question using simple string similarity:
- Exact match: return cached answer instantly, no API call, show "(from memory)" in small gray text
- High similarity (over 70% word overlap): return cached answer with note "Similar question answered above"
- No match: proceed to keyword search and Gemini as normal

3. AFTER EVERY GEMINI RESPONSE: Store the question and answer in sessionMemory automatically.

4. MEMORY INDICATOR: When a response comes from memory, show a small gray "(memory)" badge instead of the blue "AI" badge. No disclaimer needed for memory responses.

5. CLEAR MEMORY: The existing "Clear Chat History" button in settings should also clear sessionMemory.

Do not change: thumbnail panel, PDF viewer, toolbar, navigation, or any existing keyword search logic.