Four fixes needed:

--- FIX 1: SPECS BOOKMARKS — ONE PER SECTION, NOT PER PAGE ---

The bookmarks panel is creating a bookmark for every 
page that mentions a CSI section number. It should 
create only ONE bookmark per unique section, pointing 
to the FIRST page where that section appears.

Fix buildSpecBookmarks:
1. Scan all pages for CSI section patterns
2. For each unique section number (e.g. 09 65 00), 
   record ONLY the first page number where it appears
3. Deduplicate — if 09 65 00 appears on pages 143, 
   144, 145, the bookmark points to page 143 only
4. Skip matches that are likely table of contents, 
   title blocks, or cross-references by checking 
   context:
   - If the same page contains 5+ different section 
     numbers, it is probably a TOC — skip it entirely 
     for first-occurrence tracking
   - The true first page of a section typically has 
     that section number appear 1-3 times on the page
5. Group deduplicated sections by division as before

--- FIX 2: DELETE BOOKMARK BUTTON ---

Add a delete (×) button to each bookmark item in 
both drawings and specs modes.

- Show the × on hover only (not always visible — 
  keeps the panel clean)
- Clicking × removes that bookmark from the list 
  permanently (state only, no persistence needed)
- Do not show × on group headers — only on 
  individual items within a group
- Style: small, gray, same pattern as other 
  remove buttons in the app

--- FIX 3: CONTINUOUS SCROLL VIEW ---

Add continuous scroll mode to the PDF viewer so 
users can scroll through all pages vertically 
instead of navigating one page at a time.

This is a significant viewer change — show the 
plan first before implementing:

1. How will you render all pages stacked vertically?
   (Virtual scroll vs render all at once)
2. How will the current page indicator update as 
   the user scrolls?
3. How will jumpToPage still work in continuous mode?
4. Will thumbnail clicks still scroll to the correct 
   page?
5. What is the performance approach for large PDFs 
   (100+ pages)?

Answer these 5 questions before writing any code 
for Fix 3. Fixes 1, 2, and 4 can be built immediately.

--- FIX 4: LOCK TOP TOOLBAR ---

The top toolbar is scrolling out of view. Fix it 
so it stays visible at all times.

Find the top toolbar container and add:
  position: sticky;
  top: 0;
  z-index: 100;

If it is already position: fixed or sticky and 
still scrolling away, find why and fix it.

Push fixes 1, 2, and 4 to GitHub now.
Wait for approval on Fix 3 before building it.